My Past Life Group
It's not your turn to be a scumbag
Also pointing fingers
Ah, oh, sorry.
I just had a video conference with the president of the Kims
About a 1.50 billion project
So come late
Ouch, you just have less money.
I have admired you for a long time
Oh, seeing you, I am the one who has accumulated virtue from my ancestors, hahaha.
My name is Zhao Zipeng.
I am Bingbing
Classmates later?
Please take care of me.
I heard that you and Bingbing
It's all my fault for having less money
How can I be worthy of Bingbing?
Bingbing and you, that is a match made in heaven for a talented woman and a beautiful woman.
Hahahahaha
Hey, in the future?
Say my name if you have anything
I believe in the whole Hainan city haha
No one will cut it and not give me money. Hahahaha wow.
Zhang Cheng, this trash, obviously still refuses to give up.
Be loyal